Use the Withholding Calculator to make sure you have the right amount of tax…#^$All companies, foreign and domestic, are required to file registration statements, periodic reports, and other forms electronically through EDGAR. Anyone can access and download this information for free. Here you'll find links to a complete list of filings available through EDGAR and instructions for searching the EDGAR database.#^$#^$#^$It looks like your browser does not have JavaScript enabled. Please turn on JavaScript and try again.#^$Established in 1981, SmartPros is a leading provider of accredited professional education and training to Fortune 500 companies, as well as the major firms and associations in its professional markets. Our combined subscription libraries feature more than 2,000 course titles covering subjects in the accounting, financial services, legal, engineering and information technology industries. SmartPros' content is delivered via its award-winning SmartPros eCampus™ Learning Management System (LMS), offering enterprise-wide distribution and administration capabilities for corporations and associations.

What Our Clients Say About Us

"We have enjoyed the SmartPros programs and have found the content to be an excellent learning tool, not only for current accounting and management issues, but also how these issues apply to our company and affect how our business is managed."

- Debby Yaconetti, Lynden, Incorporated

"Our group has greatly benefited from your content. The continuing education obtained from SmartPros not only serves to satisfy CPE reporting requirements, but I truly believe there is a substantial knowledge transfer through your monthly updates."

- John F. Camm, PMI Food Equipment#^$Our disaster assistance collection highlights the challenges the federal government faces in responding to disasters.

GAO Again Named One of the "Best Places to Work"

Check out our Retirement Security collection to learn about how debt, healthcare costs, and Social Security uncertainty affects retirees.

Our 2017 report identifies 29 new areas where federal agencies could achieve greater efficency or effectiveness.#^$#^$AIS-CPA is dedicated to helping you take control of your CPA study process and pass the CPA exam your first try. There are so many people out there who say that you need to give up your social life and put everything on hold in order to study for the CPA exam. That might have been true for them, but it doesn’t have to be for you. It’s not that these people aren’t smart; they just went about studying the wrong way.

I know because I started studying the same way. It wasn’t until I took a step back and analyzed my study process that I figured out how to prepare for the exam without killing myself. By getting the right CPA review materials for my learning style and implementing smart study strategies, I was able to pass the CPA exam on your first try. You can too. You also won’t go crazy doing it.

The first step to passing the exam is to pick out the right CPA study materials. I’ve tested and reviewed all of the top review courses out there. I noted the pros and cons of each, so you can narrow down your search and see which one will help you the most. Here are the top three that I reviewed.

CPA Course Reviews

Wiley CPAexcel

Wiley CPAexcel is the best CPA review course in my opinion. It has everything you need to pass the exam and more. Its materials are broken down into smaller sections, so candidates can spend less time studying each topic. This is perfect for people who don’t have time to spend studying 4 hours each night. Or people who just want a life.

See our review of Wiley CPAexcel

Roger CPA Review

Roger is an excellent course for people who are sick of listening to boring accounting lectures and want something more engaging to study with. The Roger method is upbeat, lively, and energetic. It’s great for visual and auditory learners who want to stay awake during their study time.

See our review of Roger CPA

Gleim CPA Review

Gleim is a time-tested review course that provides tons of detail in each lesson. Candidates who have been out of school for a while or aren’t familiar with a lot of the topics on the exam will love this course. It explains concepts in great detail with tons of examples. It’s also great for international students.

See our review of Gleim CPA

Other Reviews

Surgent – Becker – Fast Forward Academy – Yaeger – CPAexcel vs Becker

Common CPA Exam Questions

What are the Requirements to Take the CPA Exam?

The requirements to sit for the CPA examination are set by individual state jurisdictions. Thus, the requirements vary from state to state. Each state has slightly different rules, but most require candidates to have a bachelor’s degree or equivalent to sit for the exam.

Why Should I Become a CPA?

Becoming a CPA is the highest professional achievement in the accounting profession. Certified public accountants are the crème de la crème. They are the best at what they do and are respected as such. Plus, a certified accounting will typically earn at least $1,000,000 more than his or her non-certified counterpart throughout their careers.

Here are some more reasons.

Where Do I Apply for the CPA Exam?

Applying for the exam is overly complicated. There are numerous steps to applying for the exam. First, you will need to submit your transcripts and application to your state board for approval. Once you are approved, you can apply for your notice to schedule (NTS). After you have your NTS in hand, you will be able to schedule your exam.

CPA Exam Application Information

How Do I Schedule my Exam Date?

Scheduling your exam is a little complicated. The first step is to get your NTS. This gives you 6 months to schedule an exam date with a Prometic testing center. If you don’t schedule within that time, your NTS will expire and you will have to pay more fees.

Here’s some more scheduling information.

What’s on the CPA Exam?

The CPA exam consists of four parts: FAR, REG, AUD, and BEC. Each section covers different topics and materials.

FAR: Financial Accounting and Reporting

REG: Business Regulations and Taxation

AUD: Auditing

BEC: Business Environment Concepts

CPA Exam Section Information

What is the Format of the CPA Exam?

The exam format is slightly different for each section. All sections include several testlets of multiple-choice questions followed by a series of task-based simulations. The BEC section also includes a written component where candidates display their communication skills.

More info about the new 2017 CPA Exam Blueprints

How Do I Study for the CPA Exam?

Studying for the exam is no easy process, but it doesn’t have to take over your life. If you are smart about how you study, you will be able to cut tons of hours off your weekly regiment. The key is focus and analysis. Know what you are studying and why. Don’t simply study for the sake of studying.

CPA Study Guide Information

How Long Should I Study for FAR, AUD, BEC, REG?

The amount of time you study for each section will vary because it depends on how familiar you are with the topics. Let’s face it. Some people are just freaks and remember every single tax code they’ve ever read. These people won’t have to study for REG nearly as much as they will have to study for AUD. It’s not about how long you study, it’s about understanding what you know and knowing when you can move on and not study any longer.

What are the Best CPA Exam Study Tips?

There are numerous CPA study tips that will help you remember topics and concepts and shave time off your study schedule. One of the biggest ones is to work with your CPA books. Don’t work against your review course. If it is set up to work a certain way, just follow it. If that system doesn’t work for you, it’s probably the wrong review course for you.

CPA Study Tips and Tricks

Which CPA Exam Section Should I Take First?

There is no right or wrong part of the exam to take first. Many people think because BEC is shorter that this section is the “best” one to take first. This isn’t true. Everyone should take the exam in an order that fits their understanding and knowledge of the topics.

See more about what section you should take first.

What is the Best CPA Review Course?

There isn’t a single CPA review course that is the best. There are several companies that make great study guides, books, and review materials. Each of them is different and work well for different people. The important thing is that you find the right one that fits you and your learning style.

See more about what review course you should purchase.

Should I Use a Cram Course or Final Review?

A lot of people are concerned about cram courses and final review programs. This is an important part of the studying process, but it is not the most important part. You won’t be successful by cramming a week before the exam. Thinking about your study process more globally will help. Also, yes, you should get a cram course. 🙂

What CPA Books and Video Lectures are Best?

Again, there are several different company making books and lectures. It’s important to look at your learning style to see which ones will fit you better rather than comparing company A to company B.

See more info about CPA Books and CPA lectures.#^$Welcome Welcome to the AccountingEducation.com community. With regret, we announce that this web community is no longer being actively developed - with effect from September 2016. After over 17 years we have decided to cease to build this site, and its community, further. No further updates to this site will be made, nor will its newsletter, Double Entries, be distributed. This website will be maintained in its current form for the immediate future so that the large resource base we have created can continue to be of use to the community, however, this is likely to disappear at some point so please do not rely on its continued presence in anyway. We can not guarantee when this will stop being available at this point. If you would like to keep up with accounting education news as we used to feature here, do please follow us on our continuing Twitter feed @DoubleEntries - see link to the right of this notice. Thank you for your support over the many years we have been operating and we do hope to see you in 'Twitterspace'. Latest News There are no news articles currently available for you to view.

Register with Accounting Education to gain access to more information and articles.

If you are already a registered Partner of Accounting Education, you could log in and try the Advanced Search to find what you're looking for. Adverts: Put your accounting knowledge to the test by exploring free online accounting software.



#^$eTAX REPORTING Client login: Username:

Password:

Guaranteed results or you don’t pay. No fixed fee. 35% contingency on residential, 25% on commercial. Know someone who could benefit from a reduction in property taxes? Sample the kind of reports you’ll have access to … 24/7. We offer multiple payment options for your convenience. Change your contact information, property information, ownership, etc. on an existing property. New or existing clients can add a property.

Let us reduce your property taxes. Understanding property tax assessments and making sure you pay the least possible amount is our top priority. Simply put, if we don’t lower your property taxes, you don’t pay us a thing. From commercial and residential real estate tax to personal property tax, to tax administration and more, our tax consultants are trained and ready to reduce your property taxes and deliver the lowest tax assessment allowed by law. With an array of online and offline services designed to help cut your taxes, we work hard so you can rest easy. We are experts in tax assessment analysis, appraisal, challenge and most importantly, property tax reduction. With more than a dozen years in the property tax consulting business, and a proprietary online tax reporting system featuring 24/7 secure access to your tax data, our results – and thousands of satisfied customers – speak for themselves. Get the peace of mind you deserve. Start saving with Advaloremtax.net today. No fixed fee. 35% contingency on residential, 25% on commercial. Property tax specialists in: Office buildings Retail centers Warehouses Apartments Manufacturing plants Industrial plants Residential Hotels Recreational resorts Commercial centers Development lands Vacant land Rights of way#^$Small to mid-sized business bookkeeping and software support in North San Diego County and nationwide.

AdvantEdge Accounting Solutions is a bookkeeping, accounting and accounting software consulting firm, located in Oceanside, CA. We specialize in helping small businesses who are having various challenges with their accounting.

Today’s small to mid-sized business owners did not become entrepreneurs to get bogged down doing accounting! We know you began your company because you had a passion for your industry. However, the reality is, in order to thrive in today’s marketplace, you absolutely have to know your numbers! More importantly, you have to understand what they are telling you!

TEAM AdvantEdge to the rescue! We will provide Training, Education, Assessment, and Management services, as needed, to help you thrive!#^$

HOW TO SUBSCRIBE:

The computer handles all subscription requests automatically. If you have more than one e-mail account, be sure to subscribe from the one from which you will post messages to AECM. Otherwise, you will be unable to post to the list. To subscribe via the Web, go to http://listserv.aaahq.org/cgi-bin/wa.exe?REPORT&z=3&s=0&9=O&a=1. Then: click the box beside AECM under List Names; click the dropdown box on the blue line at the bottom; select “Subscribe” and click “Submit.” Finally, follow the instructions on the screen.

To subscribe via email, send the following message to Listserv@Listserv.AAAHQ.org: [you can leave the subject line blank]

SUBSCRIBE AECM your_first_name your_last_name, employer

[Example: SUBSCRIBE AECM Bill Gates, Microsoft] After using either subscription request approach, you will receive email with the subject "Command confirmation request" followed by a number in parentheses. The message will explain that you have 48 hours to confirm your subscription request by replying with an "OK" message or clicking on a link. If you do not confirm within 48 hours, you will need to start over. This feature is designed to prevent someone from subscribing others to the list without their consent.

HOW TO UNSUBSCRIBE: To unsubscribe from AECM via the Web, go to http://listserv.aaahq.org/cgi-bin/wa.exe?REPORT&z=3&s=0&9=O&a=1. Then: click the box beside AECM under List Names; click the dropdown box on the blue line at the bottom; select “Unsubscribe” and click “Submit.” Finally, follow the instructions on the screen. To unsubscribe from AECM via email, send mail to Listserv@Listserv.AAAHQ.org and in the body of the message put only the command: UNSUBSCRIBE AECM (Note that you don't need to give a subscription name or address.) If the above procedure does not work, it is probably because your address has changed since you subscribed and your are continuing to receive posts because your mail system is forwarding them. Such forwarding often happens without the person being aware of it. In such cases, you must mail the list owner and request that your subscription be manually removed. Another alternative is to try this. J HOW TO CHANGE SUBSCRIPTION SETTINGS: You can change your subscription type to digest or index mode. (Either mode is an excellent option if you plan to just "lurk".) You can also temporarily or permanently disable mail delivery. By permanently disabling deliver, you can effectively turn the listserv ("push" technology) into a bulletin board ("pull" technology). With this approach, you can use the Web to read the post archives without receiving posts via email. You can also use this approach to make posts.

In digest mode you will receive a maximum of one large post each day. You must first subscribe in "normal" mode where you receive each message as it is posted. You can then modify your subscription. As an alternative to digest mode, you can use index mode where you receive only one posting each day which contains an index of subject topics for all messages posted during that day. You can then retrieve the messages with subjects of interest to you from the archives.



To change subscription settings via the Web, go to http://listserv.aaahq.org/cgi-bin/wa.exe?REPORT&z=3&s=0&9=O&a=1 and click “[Settings]” beside AECM under List Names and follow the instructions.



To change subscription settings via email, sending to Listserv@Listserv.AAAHQ.org and in the body of the message putting only the command: SET AECM DIGEST or SET AECM INDEX. (Note that you don't need to give a subscription name or address.) If you are subscribed in digest mode, you should never use the "reply" command to respond to a post. To do so will cause the subject to show that you are replying to an "AECM Digest" for a particular date and won't make any sense to anyone. It will also destroy the discussion thread. Instead of using reply, You should manually enter the subject to which you are responding prefaced by RE:. HOW TO POST A MESSAGE: To post a message via the Web, go to http://listserv.aaahq.org/cgi-bin/wa.exe?REPORT&z=3&s=0&9=O&a=1 and click “[Post]” beside AECM under List Names and follow the instructions.



To post a message via email, send to: AECM@Listserv.AAAHQ.org. Only subscribers can post to the list. All messages sent to the list will be automatically forwarded to all subscribers who have not disabled delivery. Your mail program configuration will determine how you should reply should you choose to do so. With most mail programs, if you reply to a question, observation, etc. using the reply command, your response will be automatically forwarded to all subscribers. If you wish to respond privately to the original sender, you must make sure that your mailer is sending it only to their address. HOW TO GET ARCHIVED POSTS:

To review archived posts via the Web, go to http://listserv.aaahq.org/cgi-bin/wa.exe?HOME and, if the Options box on the right shows a "Log in" link, click on it and log in. Then, click on AECM under "List Name" on the blue bar. HOW TO GET HELP:

This list/group/forum uses LISTSERV® software and runs on a AAA server. For complete information about how to participate in a LISTSERV list, see L-Soft's LISTSERV 16.0 List Subscriber's Manual in either the HTML or PDF format at http://www.lsoft.com/resources/manuals.asp.#^$