1,298 Posts

Apartment Living

This forum is for those living in apartments, condominiums and co-ops. Here you can discuss topics like roommates who still owe you for the phone bill from three months ago, and the maintenance man who seems to vanish from the face of the earth every#^$This is the Grossest Thing You Can Have in Your Kitchen

Make this the first thing on your list of things to clean when guests arrive — even before you…#^$This is a list of breeds that are considered "good" for apartment life. If you do not see a breed listed here, it does not mean that it cannot live in an apartment. This list only covers the breeds considered "best" for apartment life. Do not assume that just because a dog is small that it will get enough exercise running around your home. Your home is like a large cage. If you have a yard, it’s a larger cage. The key to keeping any dog in an apartment is providing enough exercise. Dogs are canine animals that have retained the instinct to migrate. Therefore, even small dogs need to be taken out for daily walks. High-energy dogs can live in an apartment if the owner takes them out for long walks, bike rides or jogs. Enough daily exercise is the key to keeping any dog stable and happy. Be sure it is the right type of exercise, an exercise that drains both the dog’s physical and mental energy. Only providing excited exercise (i.e. playing with other dogs or tossing a ball) does not drain the dog’s mental energy. Find out more—read The Proper Way to Walk a Dog .

NOTE: Almost any dog can live in an apartment, IF...and this is a Big IF...it gets enough of the right kind of exercise. If you plan on jogging with your dog, and as long as you can make the dog heel on the jog so the dog is not worrying about being your leader but rather relaxing as he is following you, you have a very wide range of dogs to choose from. Most dogs in the shelters are there because their owners ONE, did not provide proper leadership and TWO, did not exercise them properly. A big backyard is not going to cut it. So those people who live apartments who actually walk their dogs (assuming they make them heel on the lead) are often better off than those who are simply only let out into the fenced backyard for exercise. Dog park exercise is excited exercise and it is not recommended as the only source of exercise a dog receives. It keeps the dog in an excited state of mind.

There are SO MANY great jogging companions in shelters. If you plan to jog every day then you would even qualify for a higher energy dog even though you are in an apartment. But if you plan on only jogging two or three times a week and plan to only walk the dog the remaining days, I would go with a medium-energy dog.

The thing to remember is it is not necessarily the breed you are looking for but the energy level of that particular dog. There are pups born within every litter that are higher energy than other pups within the same litter, dogs within the same breed that are higher energy than others. That is why some folks will, for example, get a Lab as a pet and think it is wonderful and when that dog passes away, they get another Lab and find the next one to be a nightmare. Their first Lab was low energy and low dominancy and the second one is high and high. Sure, a Pointer is going to always be higher energy than a Clumber Spaniel, but they will still vary from dog to dog within the same breed.#^$How I wish I had just one more room… Only if there was one additional cupboard or loft for storage… My living room is just too small for my furniture! These are just a few things most of us feel about our living spaces. With the ever increasing cost of real estate, apartment living is…#^$Whether you’re looking for rooms for rent in a college town, a vast metropolis, suburban neighborhoods, or a rural area, you are sure to find success with EasyRoommate. Our Roommate finder helps pair “roommate wanted” offerings with people searching for rooms for rent in the USA’s countless communities. And with the USA’s massive size and wide variety of its many regions, you really have your pick of the type of neighborhood, roommates, and housing you prefer. College communities throughout the USA offer rooms to rent to students year-round. Some homeowners rent out large houses to several renters, while others prefer just to rent a room in their home. City dwellers often share apartments to help make their lifestyles more affordable. You can share the rent costs, allowing you to enjoy the many beneficial features of living in the city, such as museums, galleries, concerts, bars, clubs, restaurants, and much more.

Top higher education institutions are present throughout the USA, and young professionals embarking on their careers can take their pick of thriving economies. When seeking rooms for rent in the USA near school or work, your choices are virtually limitless. This makes our Roommate finder essential.

Combined, US public and private 2- and 4-year institutions numbered 4,724 from 2013 to 2014, according to the National Center of Education Statistics (NCES). You can obtain a top-rated education from coast-to-coast in the USA. California’s Institute of Technology and Stanford University, Princeton in New Jersey, the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, and the University of Notre Dame in Indiana were the top 5 rated private colleges in the country in 2014. Other notable universities in the top 20 include Vassar and Cornell in New York, Brown in Rhode Island, Middlebury in Vermont, Bucknell in Pennsylvania, and Reed in Oregon. College students living off-campus attending these and other universities often seek to rent a room near Ntheir schools rather than attempt to rent a place on their own. Fortunately, USA college rooms for rent are plentiful. And whether you’re going to school on the west coast, the east coast, down south, or anywhere in between, our roommate finder is a valuable and helpful tool in your housing search.

Many millennials who have already graduated from college or are looking for internships or career opportunities outside of higher education find that apartment or house-sharing arrangements are an affordable way to live in desirable areas. The extensive number of “roommate wanted” offers in New York City is one example of this. The high cost of living in large, popular cities can be intimidating, but a room rental arrangement can put more money in your pocket and allow you to enjoy the amenities around you. You can easily find a roommate in San Francisco, Denver, Dallas, Philadelphia or any number of other large metropolises. Therefore, you will see an extremely large number of “roommates wanted” openings in huge cities. But even if you’re not a big-city type of person, you can still find excellent housing opportunities. Places like Dayton, Ohio, Pueblo, Colorado, Mesa, Arizona, and Union City, California have cheap rooms aplenty. You can successfully locate a roommate from Washington State to Washington, D.C. with a roommate finder. These home-sharing arrangements give you a great deal of flexibility and offer the opportunity to more easily live in a USA location of your choosing.

EasyRoommate is an excellent solution for young people looking for roommates in the USA. Our Roommate finder will help you locate roommates, cheap rooms, and house shares in the city and state you’ve chosen.#^$#^$Updated | $230

Dan

Hi, I'm Dan. I'm a professional with a high level of integrity looking to share a great place in the Norwood Area. I'm a responsible, genuine and trustworthy (straight) guy. I have some furniture but not a lot, so furnished, unfurnished and partially furnished are all options. Ideally the bedroom would be large, about 4mx4m or close to that.. Perhaps you own a big home and would like someone to help with the yard, and/or mortgage? I love mowing lawns and just generally taking care of a place as though it's my own. Maybe you are away a lot and just want someone who will look after things? I've had many times where I've looked after high end properties while the owner/housemates are away. I would happily assume responsibility for certain chores as part of the arrangement. In my current place I've been all about contributing to a happy home and working together with housemate/s so everyone's happy and everything runs smoothly. I'm 39yo and have lived a number of times with folks older than me as well as other young adults. I'm open to what the situation might be. If you think I might be a good fit for what you are looking for please send me an email and we can go from there. Thanks for reading, have a great day!#^$