Hobbies - Find Yourself a New Hobby Today!

We live in a world with access to so information and equipment we literally could spend our entire lives pursuing hobbies. Sadly, most of us spend our lives working. Striking a balance between work and play is essential to our health and well being.

I don't know about you, but I love hobbies. I might just spend more time collecting hobbies than I do actually doing my hobbies, so I started NotSoBoringLife.com. A site dedicated to hobbies. The best way to find a new hobby is to consult our List Of Hobbies page, where I've listed more than 200 different hobbies. Another great resource is the 50 Most Popular Hobbies. Either way you're bound to find something to suite your fancy.

Listed below are the different hobby categories. Under each category you'll find the different hobbies and a short guide with what to expect, where to start, and what kind of budget you can expect to invest in your new hobby. We're glad you stopped by and hope you're able to find a new hobby today!#^$

Home

Have Your Figurines Appraised

Contact Us



" Is my item worth having appraised? "



Is a very good question, nobody wants to spend money to find out an item is worthless. This rarely happens, our records from 1996-2014 show that 97% of the figurines sent to us for appraisal have been worth more than $50.00. To date the highest valued item we have uncovered was valued at $80,000.00.



The piece pictured above was a unexpected surprise for one of our customers, it's a bronze after an original by the French sculptor Antoine Louis Barye (1796-1875). In today's market this piece cast by Susse Freres foundry after Barye's death would sell in $6,000 to $9,000 range. It had been sitting in the back of a china cabinet since the 1970's.



Why should you use our service?

On our forum you can have your appraisal ready for you within one working day, in some cases within two hours. We have been providing Appraisal information for Insurance, Estate, Tax & Probate purposes since 1959. Current Appraisal information for a wide range of antiques & collectible items can be hard to find, even on the internet. Have your appraisal emailed directly to you in 48 hours. Price guides already two years out of date when published and often give only a minimum of information. Specialized reference information is expensive and often difficult to find at your local library or bookstore. Professional appraisers fee's range from $ 75.00 to $400.00 per hour, and appraisers are booked weeks in advance.



How do we get our appraisal information?

We monitor all the major Auction Houses world wide for the most up to date sales results. We monitor Auction sales results from several Online Auctions daily and add these results weekly to our database. We subscribe to all the Major & Minor Antique & Collectible trade publications. Our Reference library is constantly growing, some of our books about Antique collecting & restoration date to the 1820's! We regularly participate in Roadshow type events, shows and auctions to maintain contact with those in the trade.

What will my appraisal look like?



We use the same research methods for our Online Appraisals as we do for our regular appraisals for Insurance, Tax or Estate purposes that follow the USPAP guidelines (Uniform Standards of Professional Appraisal Practice). Note that our appraisals are based on the images and information you send us, please read our disclaimer about Hypothetical Appraisals

Our Valuation Services



Same Day Valuations on our Forum for:



-Royal Doulton Figurines

-Royal Doulton Toby Jugs

-Lladro Figurines

-Royal Copenhagen Figurines

-Hummel Figurines

-Collector's Plates of all Types





Hot Item of the Week







The owner of this Royal Doulton figurine contacted us for an appraisal after they had inherited it. It's called "Charge of the Light Brigade", a model HN371 designed by Alan Maslankowski. They thought it might be worth about $350.00, but were shocked to find out this one was part of a limited edition by Royal Doulton, and routinely sells at auction for over $4500.00 USD.













#^$Charity Work

Mr. Baitcher is well known in charity circles as the leading volunteer auctioneer in the world, having raised millions of dollars both nationally as well as locally for The Georgia Transplant Foundation, Habitat for Humanity, The Make a Wish Foundation, The Muscular Dystrophy Association, CURE, and dozens of other well recognized national organizations.#^$Old farm ornaments, from Europe

A reliable source for farm antiques, antiques for the garden.

Our antique landscape ornaments are unique. No reproduction!

They are heritage garden ornaments, many years of work,

and a bit of history and culture that you may add

to your garden decoration or farm decor.

Our name is Hoga, HOGAcompany.

Be Welcome!#^$Circa 1902-1960 ANTIQUE FISHING LURES & LURE BOXES Copyright 1997 Antique Lures Advanced Knowledge About Collecting Antique Fishing Lures "Lures Wanted: single pieces or whole collections bought" Featuring extensive educational, pricing, photos, and identification information for pre-1960 antique fishing lures and lure boxes. Phillip "Gabby" Talkington Life Member: National Fishing Lure Collectors Club AntiqueLures Website is about: Early (pre-1960) antique fishing lures and lure boxes made by: Heddon, Shakespeare, Pflueger, South Bend, Creek Chub , as well as dozens of smaller pre-1940 companies. This is where you can sell your lures or find information about: Educational material on early fishing lure collecting and identification

How to grade antique lures and lure boxes

Pricing of wood lures and lure boxes and where to find books on old fishing lures

A toll free phone number to call if you want to sell your collection or individual lures

Early fishing lure history, manufacturer's catalogs, and lure box brochures

Referral services for people who want to sell their lures to a collector

How to collect and what you need to know to survive this hobby Heddon, dates, manufacture, lure name, slopenose, Dowagiac, underwater, minnow, Slopenose Dowagiac, Expert, Dowagiac Minnow, Coast Minnow, Light Casting Minnow, Florida Special, Florida Special, Baby Dowagiac, Walton Feather Tail, Artistic Minnow, Dowagiac Minnow, River Runt, Torpedo, Flipper, SOS, Surface Minny, Surface Minnow, Musky Surfusser, Ice Decoy, Killer, Multiple Metal Minnow, Salt Water Special , Musky Minnow, Swimming Minnow, Black Sucker, Dummy Double, Deep diving Wiggler, Near Surface Wiggler, Crab Wiggler, Baby Crab Wiggler, Midget Crab Wiggler, Spin Diver, This extensive educational site presents a quality antique lure collection as both art and history from the early part of this century. If you would like to collect or sell antique lures, this is the place to learn how, however there is nothing on the site made after 1960. Keep going, you ENTER the main Website below... AntiqueLures Website was the first antique lure and tackle site on the web. It was created and copyrighted Feb. 1, 1997 The Miller's Reversible As featured on: Chicago's WGN-TV A "Hot Site " pick on USA TODAY BEST OF THE NET on About.Com This site has been reviewed or featured in: multiple magazines, on national and local TV, by dozens of Web site reviews, by national and international collector and fishing publications, and they all.... loved it. ENTER AntiqueLures ENTER Pre-1920 Heddon Lures and Boxes#^$



THE LARGEST AND FASTEST GROWING ANTIQUE RESTORATION WEB SITE ON THE INTERNET, BOOKMARK THIS PAGE

ENTER HERE



330,000 HITS per month

Average Number of Visitors Per Month 75,000

Average Number of Page Views Per Month 182,000

Source....Web Trends Reports

Copyright © 1998-2017 by James Lane, all rights reserved. Text, graphics, and HTML code are protected by US and International Copyright Laws, and may not be copied, reprinted, published, translated, hosted, or otherwise distributed by any means without explicit permission. Trademarks and terms of use.#^$The Antiques & Collectibles National Association was established in 1991. The purpose of the association was to provide ever-expanding benefits and insurance programs for the Antiques & Collectibles industry. Today we are the largest national association of antique dealers & collectors in the country with over 3,000 members in all 50 states.

The Antiques & Collectibles Insurance Group is the name of the insurance department. We currently have three insurance companies we write business with. They are all either A or A+ AM Best Rated. Presently we offer individual Collector policies as well as Liability, Inventory, and Building coverage for Dealers in the antiques & collectibles industry.

#^$